Remove blocked subscribers from target groups query (#124)
vivid-planet/comet-brevo-module: .changeset/short-feet-sing.md

---
"@comet/brevo-admin": patch
"@comet/brevo-api": patch
---

> Remove the field `Total contacts blocked` in the Target Groups query, because it is not delivered in the list request in Brevo anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the `totalContactsBlocked` field from the `TargetGroup` type, because it is not delivered in the list request in Brevo anymore.
```
